Elaine Farrell of Hansa Law Offices
Gonsiori 7, Tallinn 10117
Estonia.
Phone: 00372 5499 5636

I am the personal attorney to the late Steven Vandersande, a Dutchman who was a consultant with Shell Estonia LTD here in Tallinn, who hereinafter shall be referred to as my late client. Unfortunately, my late client lost his life in a plane crash MH17 on the 17th of July 2014 during one of his trips from the Netherlands (Amsterdam) to Malaysia (Kuala Lumpur), and my late client left no clear beneficiary to the fund deposited with a Security Company as beneficiary except some vital documents related to the deposit that is still with me.

All efforts by me to trace his relatives have proved abortive because he did not make any will prior to his death. After several unsuccessful attempts to locate any member of his family, I am contacting you to assist me in claiming the money left behind by my late client before they get confiscated or declared unclaimed by the financial company where this huge deposit was deposited.

Particularly now that the Finance Company where He had the said fund valued at 15.5 M deposited has issued me a notice to provide someone. Consequent to this, my idea is that we can have a deal/agreement and I am going to do this legally with your name as the true beneficiary of the amount in question as I have all the legal documents to back our claim, I seek your consent to present you as the beneficiary to the deceased so that the proceeds of this account valued at 15.5 M can be paid to your account abroad, note that the percentage of sharing will be 50/50.

I guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law; all I need from you is your utmost collaboration and sincerity for us to thrive in this deal. I want you to reply to me immediately and include your direct phone number so that we can discuss more as regards this transaction. Thank you and Please treat this matter with the utmost confidentiality. I wait for your urgent response.

Yours Sincerely,
Barr. Elaine Farrell.
Phone: 00372 5499 5636